README.md, before:

# Swiss Media Criticism Dataset
<p>
    <a href="https://www.snf.ch" alt="Funding: Swiss National Science Foundation">
      <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Funding-SNSF-blue">
  </a>
  <a href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/" alt="License: CC BY 4.0">
      <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-CC%20BY%204.0-success">
  </a>
</p>


## Public datasets for the Radar Media Criticism Switzerland project.

1. Mass media ([CSV](https://github.com/media-criticism/swiss-dataset/blob/main/entities-and-sources/csv/mass-media.csv))
2. Media critical institutions 
   - general ([CSV](https://github.com/media-criticism/swiss-dataset/blob/main/entities-and-sources/csv/media-critical-insitutions-general.csv))
   - press releases ([CSV](https://github.com/media-criticism/swiss-dataset/blob/main/entities-and-sources/csv/media-critical-insitutions-press-releases.csv))
3. Social media
   - media critical persons ([CSV](https://github.com/media-criticism/swiss-dataset/blob/main/entities-and-sources/csv/social-media-accounts-persons.csv))
   - mass media ([CSV](https://github.com/media-criticism/swiss-dataset/blob/main/entities-and-sources/csv/social-media-accounts-mass-media.csv))
4. [Combined and formatted Tables in the Open Document Format](https://github.com/media-criticism/swiss-dataset/blob/main/entities-and-sources/entities-and-sources.ods)

## Available formats:
- Open Document Format for Office Applications
- Comma Separated Values (CSV)


## Dataset documentation & reference:

Weichselbraun, Albert, Kuntschik, Philipp, Fancolino, Vincenzo, Saner, Mirco and Wyss, Vinzenz. (2021). “Adapting Data-Driven Research to the Fields of Social Sciences and the Humanities”. Future Internet, Accepted 22 February 2021

Commit message:

add: link to the mc project web site.

README.md, after:

# Swiss Media Criticism Dataset
<p>
    <a href="https://www.snf.ch" alt="Funding: Swiss National Science Foundation">
      <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Funding-SNSF-blue">
  </a>
  <a href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/" alt="License: CC BY 4.0">
      <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-CC%20BY%204.0-success">
  </a>
</p>


## Public datasets for the Radar Media Criticism Switzerland project.

1. Mass media ([CSV](https://github.com/media-criticism/swiss-dataset/blob/main/entities-and-sources/csv/mass-media.csv))
2. Media critical institutions 
   - general ([CSV](https://github.com/media-criticism/swiss-dataset/blob/main/entities-and-sources/csv/media-critical-insitutions-general.csv))
   - press releases ([CSV](https://github.com/media-criticism/swiss-dataset/blob/main/entities-and-sources/csv/media-critical-insitutions-press-releases.csv))
3. Social media
   - media critical persons ([CSV](https://github.com/media-criticism/swiss-dataset/blob/main/entities-and-sources/csv/social-media-accounts-persons.csv))
   - mass media ([CSV](https://github.com/media-criticism/swiss-dataset/blob/main/entities-and-sources/csv/social-media-accounts-mass-media.csv))
4. [Combined and formatted Tables in the Open Document Format](https://github.com/media-criticism/swiss-dataset/blob/main/entities-and-sources/entities-and-sources.ods)

## Available formats:
- Open Document Format for Office Applications
- Comma Separated Values (CSV)


## Dataset documentation & reference:

- Journal article: Weichselbraun, Albert, Kuntschik, Philipp, Fancolino, Vincenzo, Saner, Mirco and Wyss, Vinzenz. (2021). *“Adapting Data-Driven Research to the Fields of Social Sciences and the Humanities”*. Future Internet, Accepted 22 February 2021
- [German project web site](https://mediacriticism.semanticlab.net/html/quellen.html)
